(Episode 32)
5pm yesterday, in the parking lot of Hangang office, Lee Yu Beom...
who was in a trial for the Mogok-dong's fall case...
killed a man named Mr. Choi who attended the trial as a witness.
Lee Yu Beom who was denying all the charges...
has confessed his crimes after the imprisonment.
He has been charged for manipulating the IV drip serial murder case,
murdering Ha Ju Won, the actual murderer of the IV drip murders,
and attempted murder of Reporter Nam Hong Joo.
The investigations by prosecutors will soon make progress.
Prosecution added a charge of manslaughter for a hit-and-run.
In the case of manipulating the IV drip murder case,
he will be facing additional charges of falsifying evidence,
attempted murder, and manslaughter.
Yu Beom, that jerk...
He gets investigated today, right?
The investigation is done, but he said he has something to say.
He should shut his mouth. He has nothing to say.
What about Woo Tak? Is he not coming for breakfast now?
I think so. He's not picking up my calls.
Should we pack some food for him?
(Don't be afraid. I'll be right here for you every day until the end.)
Is your hand still trembling?
Yes, the doctor said nothing's wrong, but I don't know why.
I know why it shakes. My hands used to tremble a lot.
Did they? What should I do with my hands then?
It takes a bit of time.
But you can get over it. I'll help you.
You?
Yes.
So don't be afraid. I'll be here for you.
Every day, until the end.
I think I should be the one saying those words. You...
This is what you said.
I said that? When?
I don't know when. In about a year, I guess.
- You heard this in your dream. - Yes.
And you said you want to say something to yourself now.
What did I say?
Goodness. This brings back memories.
You're now a prosecutor investigating me.
And I'm the defendant.
Right.
Let's not type everything there.
I admitted to all of my crimes.
I know what you're thinking.
I know what everybody is thinking.
Lee Yu Beom, that jerk, is finally paying for what he has done.
Now justice...
is flowing properly like a river.
He gave up everything and is being wicked.
He should be asking for forgiveness. Goodness.
Don't be silly.
Me being here today could be your future too.
What do you mean?
The tipping point to the whole thing is the IV drip serial murder case.
I, a prosecutor, let Ha Ju Won go,
and I concluded falsely that Myung Yi Suk is the guilty one.
- Didn't I? - You did.
Everyone takes care of about 200 cases a month...
and a few thousands a year.
Do you think you all took care of every case in a proper way?
It's hard to get 100 percent right even on your dictation tests.
Among the cases that can easily ruin a person's life,
among those thousands of cases,
are you sure you never made a single mistake?
Come on. Be honest with yourselves.
You must have a few cases that went wrong.
Hi there, Prosecutor Lee.
You didn't do an autopsy and made a false claim.
And you, Prosecutor Shin.
You falsely charged and missed Kang Dae Hee.
There are quite a lot of cases that I know of.
How long will you guys last?
You're all standing there...
is just because you are lucky that your misjudgments weren't found.
The reason why I'm here...
is my misjudgment has been found on a bad luck.
I think...
I was unlucky.
No.
You were bad.
When you investigated the IV drip case...
You set Myung Yi Suk as your target and made the puzzle pieces fit.
You even falsified evidence to finish your puzzle,
but you knew all along that you were wrong.
That's why you were so mad at us.
So why would you investigate after already deciding on the result?
You should have tried to investigate and find out the result.
Maybe when you did that to us, it reminded of the things you did.
That's why you were mad.
You were not mad at us.
You were mad at yourself.
Am I right?
No.
You hated yourself.
I said no!
You thought your mistakes would be gone if you washed or blamed others.
You were scared.
Shut it.
You continued to hide and mask the facts...
and felt guiltier as the days passed.
You didn't come here because your answer was wrong.
You came here because you insisted that the wrong answer was right.
You even had to kill Ha Ju Won and Mr. Choi to back up your plead.
You kept insisting the wrong answer was right.
That is why you're here.
You aren't unlucky.
You are bad.
The defendant, Lee Yu Beom,
who, as a prosecutor, should have sought the truth,
instead sought after fame and money.
As a result, he let the real culprit go and caused the deaths of many.
The defendant used to be a prosecutor who charges people...
and punished those who committed crimes.
However, the defendant continued the path he was on...
despite knowing that what he was doing was wrong.
While on his way, he killed and hurt many people.
I hope...
that in this country,
those who protect the law will be accountable...
when they enforce the law.
To many innocent ones who lost lives because of the defendant,
I, hereby, apologize on behalf of him as a prosecutor.
I demand his charges.
Please sentence...
Lee Yu Beom to a life sentence.
Mr. Choi should have seen this.
Do you still read these books?
Hong Joo?
It's 11am. Get up now.
It's so dusty!
You haven't read them for years.
You won't read them in the next three years too.
What's with the books? What three years?
I want to give them to Woo Tak.
Woo Tak is applying for law school.
Really? He never said that. When did he say that?
He said that in my dream.
He has to study for years without any income.
So let's help him save money on books.
Okay. Sure. I should.
Bring your luggage out.
Sure.
Who's at the door?
Who is it?
It's me, Hong Joo.
It's me!
- What brought you here? - I brought some gifts!
Hold on a second. I'll be out in a minute.
Goodness.
You look the same as Jae Chan when you don't go to work.
- Is that a compliment? - Do you think it is?
What are these?
My dream took me a year later.
You go to law school.
Me? At this age?
Yes, you, at that age, listening to lectures with young girls.
I'm so jealous! Truly.
No way. Me? Law school?
It makes sense.
When I saw you defending Do Hak Young last time,
you were more versed in the law than me.
You even told me you excelled in law at the police academy.
I wasn't just good. I was the top.
Goodness.
My mom made these for you.
My mom will take care of your meals while you study in law school.
You guys don't have to do this.
Everyone is doing this for you. So clean your room, and shave!
Did you feed Robin? He must be hungry!
Robin, have you eaten? Robin!
Robin, did you go for a walk?
Hi. Stay still.
You sure brought a lot of stuff. How did you bring them without a car?
We have a car.
You have a car?
Honey.
I'm on my way on a bus.
Jae Chan wanted to borrow my car.
I don't know. He wanted to carry some stuff.
The bus is better than my car.
Bye.
I think you can get up now.
(Don't be afraid. I'll be right here for you every day until the end.)
(It was Woo Tak.)
Give me the key. I'll drive.
Here.
My hand is not shaking anymore.
It was Woo Tak.
I told you that I could help you with your hands.
You drive.
You helped me?
When?
Now. Just now.
Just now?
(Introduction to Criminal Law)
(Prologue)
(Say thank you to my brother.)
My brother just told me.
Lee Yu Beom is sentenced...
as my brother demanded.
Life imprisonment.
What should I say?
Can't say it was a good thing.
Say thank you to your brother.
Okay.
So Yoon.
Sorry. I'll call you later.
Did you say So Yoon?
Why would So Yoon call you?
We're going out.
No way.
It's true. We're going out.
See this?
You photoshopped this.
No, I did not.
Why would So Yoon go out with you?
Do you think I'm a pervert? Photoshopping her face?
Okay. Let's just say you two go out.
Get out. I have to arrange stuff.
What? No. I mean...
This is real.
(Don't be afraid. I'll be right here for you every day until the end.)
[VIU Ver] E32 While You Were Sleeping "This Will All Pass"
-= Ruo Xi =-
If the bride and the groom are both colleagues from work,
how do you have to pay the congratulatory money?
Your friend's wedding is today?
It confuses me. I don't know how to pay.
Do you have to pay double?
Or do you have to divide into two?
Don't you have to give them separately?
You have to pay double.
Just give to the closer one.
You're the MC there. Do you even have to pay?
I don't have to pay?
No.
Is the cleaner's open now?
My blouse for the wedding is there.
I will pick it up for you after I deliver the food to Woo Tak.
Mother, just a moment.
What is this?
The prosecutor is me, and the policeman is Woo Tak?
That... That... That...
What did you count on us?
Looks like some scores.
You scored less.
Right? It looks like she scored us.
I scored this long time ago.
Throw it away.
I'm late. I have to go. Have the meal without me.
Mother, answer me first.
Mom, your breakfast!
I don't feel like eating.
This. This! Tell me.
Mother, try this.
Okay.
This tastes so good.
If you master japchae, that means you mastered Korean food.
Making japchae is easy.
No, it's not.
We wouldn’t eat japchae for special occasions if it was easy to make.
Policeman Han, you don't have to learn cooking anymore.
I should stop calling you Policeman Han.
Have you decided your career path?
What should I call you? Judge Han?
Prosecutor Han? Lawyer Han?
Lawyer Han.
I think I suit better to advocate for someone than to judge.
Lawyer Han. Lawyer Han. I like it.
It really sticks.
Goodness.
- Thank you so much. - You should be careful, ma'am.
Thank you, again.
What a bummer. I'll be late to the wedding!
Where did the driver go?
- What are you doing? - Do you own this car?
I accidentally hit your car.
So this...
- Just go. - Sorry?
The bumper here is for you to bump against.
If you feel sorry,
you do the same if someone bumps into your car.
Thank you.
Yes, I got the bouquet.
Who is collecting the money?
- Thank you. - Are you okay?
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
I could have been in trouble. What a relief.
Hello? You know what happened?
What about this?
I think we should put this outward.
Why should I even be here?
You must come here for the closest colleague of my brother.
And I have someone to show.
Show me? Who?
This. Is this your tie?
Park So Yoon?
So Yoon.
Did you miss me a lot?
Yes, I missed you so much.
You two really are going out?
You think we lied to you?
Do you still think this is photoshopped?
No, it looks real.
Alright, then.
So Yoon, you really are here.
You flew all the way here to play the piano for the wedding?
Yes, someone asked me a favor, and I have many other reasons too.
How's the water pressure at your school dorm bathroom?
You need specially stronger water pressure for you.
That poop. Wasn't it revealed that it wasn't mine?
I don't know. It still seems like it's yours.
That poop isn't mine!
It was your poop! Your mother tried to protect you.
My mother is not a person like that.
- Did you just talk about... - How did the bride and groom...
hide it from your colleagues? They must've have dated secretly.
Don't even start. They got caught ridiculously.
- Stop! - You should stop.
You overstated the purchase and construction costs by...
1.1 billion dollars.
Embezzlement and malfeasance also included.
I did not overstate. It's the actual cost.
Look here at the offerings.
I know. You paid every time.
If you give offerings,
do you think you will be forgiven for embezzlement?
No. What's with him?
Oh, my gosh.
He took mine instead of his lip balm.
Bride, please make your way!
Be happy!
Pretty. Pretty!
You look beautiful.
So gorgeous!
That little boy.
So pretty!
That boy's the son of Ms. Son?
He looks much healthier now. What a relief.
You're pretty, Ms. Son!
Bride and groom, please kiss each other.
Come on!
Why is your kiss so reverent?
Kiss again like a couple in a wedding!
Kiss. Kiss. Kiss.
My son is watching us.
Thank you, Chan Woo! You're a grown man!
You're handsome!
Bride, let's throw the bouquet.
Whoever is receiving, please stand behind her.
Okay. Now, throw it!
Pretty!
Oh, no. Prosecutor Jung must get married.
You did it on purpose, right?
No, no. I didn't. Take it again.
- Do it again. - Let's get it.
Throw it here.
Throw it well.
Throw it on a count of three.
1, 2, 3.
Gosh! Nice!
What's wrong? Did you have a bad dream again?
Yes.
It's okay. It's all over.
Don't be afraid. I'm here next to you.
Every day until the end. I'll be here,
so don't be afraid. I'll be next to you.
Every day until the end.
This was it. What you said a year ago.
Yes. I dreamed about this moment a year ago.
I was in bad shape.
Blaming myself for Woo Tak and Mr. Choi.
Do you have anything to say then?
To me?
Well.
Tell me...
I'll investigate it right. Trust me.
Don't worry. This is what a prosecutor should be saying.
This is what my brother should be saying.
This will all pass.
This may look like something big.
Dad gets out of the prison.
And my horrible times will begin again.
When things pass, they are nothing.
I think we should do an autopsy.
As a parent, I think we must do that.
You won't believe it,
but you will talk about things as if they're some jokes.
So tell myself to not worry about things too much.
I'll make difficult choices, and it will be hard for me.
After a year, a morning like today's will come too.
A morning like today's will come.
Trust those days and survive.
You told me to tell yourself that all your choices are right.
How is it? Does it comfort you?
Tell me. Were all of your choices really right?
What was a choice that you haven't regretted at all?
No regret at all?
That bus stop.
Bus stop?
She can't be him. It was a boy.
I'm sorry. I have to take the bus.